hey guys going to Riga yeah we are can I
get a lift sure about no free rides
we'll have to pull the lever sometimes I
can do that let's go then
alrighty then good luck to everyone
staying home and to us to what let's go
good luck to us so are you ready to
finally be somewhere else poor I'll joka
free a blaster well for as long as the
right takes anyway should be fun
so were you from Riga making the rounds
buying merchandise well bet you've seen
a few places then yeah the market goes
right next to Riga and that's a big
Metro already I used to make regular
trips to polish but getting there now
requires a lot of luck that was saving
him Wow coca Panzer connects to the
whole metro and have a lot of stations
but doesn't welcome outsiders and if
it's not answer then you have to go
through the Reds the Nazis for your
regular bandits and these guys are
really going at it lately if they're not
fighting everyone else there are warring
with each other
Peter what's up military Caravan got
stuck near Aleksei scare a tunnel
collapse or other shit you have to use
the service tunnel by placing alexia all
right Peter open up the gate no point
being stuck here forever why what's
wrong with the tunnel well it's an
ordinary Cano not as well let's maybe I
went through that last month and well I
just don't like it that's all
hella safety we're writing a ham card i
know where r so i think we'll make it
there ok
if you help push the lever we'll get
there sooner okay Eugene if you go help
the man who should move faster here you
watch the back at you sure I'll help
that way we'll get to regain no time
right now we should get out of here
sooner it's scary when they're around
and I pity them I can tell who them can
you hear them reap will do you mean them
what are you talking about what what the
hell is going on what is Boris Boris hey
what what's happening to me my head that
you apply
what is it
rtl over here if we are to survive this
is ready Musti eliminated no matter the
cost
alright what the hell's going on sheet
wake up people people wake up wake up
take my shotgun yeah
conserve TMO
what the heck just him here
that was hot I'm the drink